My name is Aaron Hobgood and I am graduating from the University of Central Florida this spring 2020 with a B.A. in interdisciplinary studies. Through my program, I have been able to build a degree specifically tailored to me. My studies include a focus in Communication, Digital Media and Computer Science. Through my communication studies, I have studied interpersonal and intercultural communication and developed corresponding skills in group projects in academia, personal projects and in work settings. In my digital media program, I have continued working in groups developing web and game projects, as well as studying the digital media creation process. Through my computer science program, I have learned multiple programming languages including object-oriented programming languages such as Java and C#. I have also developed core computer science knowledge including different algorithms and data structures. These programs together allow for me to be a well-rounded developer capable of working in diverse teams and has helped prepare me for future leadership roles.

Through my career, I hope to be academically engaged and constantly developing my skills. There is not a specific job or path that I am looking to pursue, but rather be in a place either in my work or at home I can develop and create my own projects. I have found in my digital media program and through many personal projects and game jams that creating games is a passion of mine. The first one I created was for the Indie Galactic Space Jam with a team of 6 and it was life changing. I have since participated in multiple game jams and hope to continue this after college.

To pursue a career in creating games is a difficult journey, so as I graduate college, I intend to develop my skills as a developer in hopes of becoming a game developer one day. I will do this by pursuing jobs as web and software developers while working on game development on my own. There are links in the projects tab to see some of the game jam and personal projects I have worked on.

Through my college experience, I have been able to build a degree around my interests and now I get to continue developing those skills. I am currently actively looking for employment and if you would like to inquire, I am eager to speak about what my qualifications and experience includes.